DOC-5355: Updated Metrics page (#1376)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/deploying-operating/observability/metrics.md

### Exported Metrics

The following Corda-specific metrics are exported and they have been added at the following levels:

* HTTP requests

> * Sandobox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sandbox
```

### Exported Metrics

The following Corda-specific metrics are exported and they have been added at the following levels:

* HTTP requests
* Sandbox
* Messaging
* Flow
* Flow mapper
* Flow session
* Peer-to-peer messages and sessions
* Ledger uniqueness checker client service
* Uniqueness checker
* Backing store

#### HTTP Requests

The REST server acts as a mediator, converting HTTP requests into messages that can be consumed by the Corda workers.
Two metrics offer insights into the HTTP requests: the cumulative count of requests received over a specific duration,
and the processing time for each request. There is a maximum time limit, or timeout, imposed on the processing of each
HTTP request. If a timeout is reached, an error message is dispatched to the HTTP client.

<style>
table th:first-of-type {

>     width: 25%;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    width: 25%;
```

I'd probably make this 35% or so so the first column doesn't need to break. Additionally, could narrow the second column and then make the third one wider.

Author: Reformatted the table

}
table th:nth-of-type(2) {
    width: 15%;
}
table th:nth-of-type(3) {
    width: 15%;
}
table th:nth-of-type(4) {
    width: 45%;
}
</style>

| Metric | Type | Tags | Description |
| :----------- | :----------- | :----------- | :----------- |

> | `corda_http_server_request_total` | Counter | <ul><li>`address`</li></ul> | The number of HTTP requests. The `address` tag is the address that the metric is applicable to. |

Author: leaving as is

> | `corda_http_server_request_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`address`</li></ul> | HTTP requests processing time. The `address` tag is the address that the metric is applicable to. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `corda_http_server_request_time_seconds` | Timer | `address` | HTTP requests processing time; the `address` tag is the address to which the metric is applicable. |
```

#### Sandbox

Corda 5 sandbox is used to support Corda's stability and security when operating in a highly-available and multi-tenant

> configuration, thus allowing a safe execution environment within a JVM process that provides isolation for CorDapps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
configuration, allowing a safe execution environment within a JVM process that provides isolation for CorDapps.
```

| `corda_flow_fiber_serialization_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | The time it took to serialize a flow fiber. |
| `corda_flow_fiber_deserialization_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | The time it took to serialize a flow fiber. |
| `corda_flow_start_lag` |  | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | The lag between flow start event, the REST API, and the flow processor. |
| `corda_flow_execution_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li><li>`status`</li></ul> | The time it took to execute the flow (excluding any start lag). |
| `corda_flow_event_lag` |  | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li><li>`flow.event`</li></ul> | The lag between flow event publication and processing. |
| `corda_flow_event_pipeline_execution_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li><li>`flow.event`</li></ul> | The time it took to execute the pipeline for given flows and flow event types. |
| `corda_flow_event_fiber_execution_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | The time it took to execute the fiber for a single suspension point. |

> | `corda_flow_pipeline_execution_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | A total time that a flow spent processing in the pipeline, rather than queued (includes fiber execution time.) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `corda_flow_pipeline_execution_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | The total time that a flow spent processing in the pipeline, rather than queued (includes fiber execution time.) |
```

> | `corda_flow_fiber_execution_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | A total time a flow spent executing user code in the fiber. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `corda_flow_fiber_execution_time_seconds` | Timer | <ul><li>`flow.class`</li></ul> | The total time a flow spent executing user code in the fiber. |
```

#### Messaging

> The messaging patterns library contains several embedded metrics that provide measurements for all workers through their Kafka consumers and producers.

Author: It look to me that this is a generic term used in IT. Leaving as is.
